If you've already opted into being in
this ecosystem, yeah, you're probably
thinking like, okay, I'm building a
company. I'm going to hire a sales team.
I'm going to do the marketing thing.
Like we like the lowering the reduction
of of how easy it is to build these
things doesn't make it any easier to
build one of these things. The thinking
through the long term of building a
company and building a franchise
business over the long run is just very
different. And I mean IBM has sort of
proven just like what that takes over
over you know obviously decades. And so
so I do think that we will have to
separate the sheer sort of like holy
crap that seems like there's a hundred
copycats of every single space from the
companies that are just like I'm in this
for the long run and we we are going to
keep cranking day in and day out
iterating building a better product
better serving our customers. the things
that transcend AI will become probably
then even more important. Hey everybody,
get excited. We just hosted 10,000 of
you at the Saster annual and AI summit
in the SFB. It was insane. It was off
the charts compared to last year. It was
a deep dive on everything new,
everything AI, everything go to market.
And we're getting ready cuz Saster AI is
coming to London in December. It's
Christmas with Saster on December 2nd
and 3rd. We're bringing Saster AI to the
heart of Europe. This is your chance to
connect with thousands of SAS and AI
executives, founders, and investors, all
sharing the secrets to scaling in the
age of AI. If you're a founder, a VC, a
revenue leader, Saster AAI in London is
where the future of B2B meets the power
of AI. And we just announced tickets and
sponsorships. So don't wait.
SasterLondon.com
to grab your tickets. Saster AAI in
London, where B2B meets AI and the next
wave of innovation begins. See you
there.
Hey everybody, this episode is brought
to you by Adio, the AI native CRM. Just
connect your email and Adio instantly
builds a powerful CRM with every company
contact and interaction you've ever had.
Get 15% off your first year. That's 15%
off your first year at atio.com/saster.
That's addio.com/saster.
[Music]
All right. All right. So, uh, all right.
So, um, thank you everyone for joining.
Thank you guys. So, Jason decided to
make a surprise visit and he's going to
We just found out 45 seconds ago Jason
was going to join us. So, we're, uh, I
found out last night. Thanks so. All
right. So, Erin, we're going to start
off. Yeah. AI agents is probably the
hottest topic. Yeah. In the entire
software industry. You guys have been
early adopters of it. Could you just
walk us through I mean what you've been
looking at, what you've been doing and
share some story about that. Uh maybe
like raise your hand if you're building
an AI agent.
Okay, good. We're at the right
conference. So Ozo a lot of AI agents
and I think for us for for everybody
else probably in software there was this
moment like two years ago where the
conversation was okay are we all going
to have like a chat interface on our
software. It was the chat should be
moment of AI and everybody was in this
mad rush of like should we put put a
little chat bot should like pop up while
you're in the software should you change
the kind of you know core user
experience that was the primary
conversation and it was a user
experience conversation it was it was
more of like an HCI type conversation
but underneath the hood was like the
really big idea was forget forget
focusing on just it's a change to the
user experience of software
Think about AI as a change to the labor
model of using the software. So what
what can you do in a world where you can
effectively create digital workers that
can go automate anything you know within
the confines of of your software? So
that that's kind of been I think what
we've all been up to for the past you
know year plus is how do you turn these
models especially now with reasoning
capabilities especially um with tool use
and and you know better context windows
for managing objectives. What if we
could turn these things into agents that
you can go deploy a hundred times, a
thousand times, a million times inside
of your software instance? So for us,
that's been allowing for AI agents that
can do things like read your documents,
summarize information, extract data from
documents, automate workflows. We have a
great partnership with IBM, with Watson
X where we are bringing model choice to
our customers, powering things like the
latest uh Llama models, integrating with
things like orchestrate. So the whole
idea is what if you can have agents
across your enterprise software talk to
other agents in other enterprise
software and us I think for all of us as
an ecosystem this is going to completely
change what interoperability looks like
what the future of of building software
looks like and obviously a lot to
unpack. Yeah. So you brought up one
interesting area I would love your
thoughts on this just for more the
audience's understanding agents versus
assistants. Yes. because we saw the era
of assistance and everything was
assistance at that point. What makes
agents different? Yeah, I think I mean
this is everybody has their own probably
different nomenclature vocabulary for
this. We kind of think about it as
models.
You know, we've always had we've had AI
models or some version of of ML models
and and then kind of some of the initial
transformer-based models for the past
let's say five plus years. Then we had
these assistants, things like chatbt,
etc. are are really kind of these
assistants you go back and forth with.
And now we're obviously seeing this era
of agents which really fundamentally go
do work for you. And that work could
take a minute or it could take an hour
or it could take a 100 hours for the
agent. And then in the in in human time
that could mean, you know, days of work
or months of work being compressed and
you'll deploy these agents across your
your software stack to go execute work
within your software environment. And so
deep research from open AI perfect
example of an agent. I want you to go do
a bunch of research across the web come
back you know provide an aggregated
answer for me. And the powerful thing
unlike a traditional just query with a
model is it's not just going to think
for one second come back with an answer.
It's actually going to go do basically
what a human would. I'm going to read
all the documents. I'm going to check my
assumptions. I'm going to change my
course of actions based on new data that
I learn in the review process. I'm going
to correlate information
and then go and actually collate it in
some sort of you know ultimate asset at
the end of that and that's that's now
what is becoming possible with agents.
We've seen things like operator from
OpenAI where an agent can actually
control a browser that becomes
incredibly powerful. Imagine if you
could deploy a thousand agents uh in in
browsers and all of a sudden in the
cloud you have a thousand browsers
running with AI agents doing work for
you. I want to go scrape, you know, data
from different interfaces. I want to go
do QA testing on software. I want to be,
you know, have an agent that acts as a
security researcher, finding different
vulnerabilities. So, so we can now
effectively think about our software as
having labor attached to it, which for
all of us building enterprise software
is like a completely mind-bending, you
know, concept where we're no longer just
limited by the number of people that we
sell to in an organization. So if I'm
building legal software, I can only sell
to the 10 lawyers inside of a company.
Now all of a sudden my software comes
with infinite legal capacity and it
opens up all new kind of addressable
market for our our businesses. I'm sure
you're seeing that throughout the
conference. Can I ask just a really
tactical question maybe to both when you
talk to customer because Aaron you
talked to so many customers right half
your week is customers probably 30%. Raj
at IBM do real world customers do they
want agents? Do they are they or do they
just want AI to solve their problem?
What I worry I know this sounds specific
and maybe the trains left the station on
agents, right? But do customers really
want a thousand agents or do they just
want are they still learning what AI is
and I want to talk to my documents. I
want to solve my problem. Do they really
want do businesses want a thousand
agents even and we're building them?
Don't get me wrong, but I was saying
they process this. The beauty of agents
and what we're seeing is there'll be
thousands of agents working in the
background. Yeah. Yeah, but typically
one and there'll be one interface for
the client. And so that's where the
beauty lies is because you're able to
have disparate systems start talking to
each other, but you only have one
interface. I'll give you a perfect
example. You know, IBM went down this
agent journey back in 2023 and we've
actually been using it internally and
last week we announced, you know, we
saved over $3.5 billion internally from
cost savings because HR functions are
there, procurement functions are there.
So every different area that you go down
and it's only the is exactly the same
interface. So I don't even know in the
background if I'm talking to success
factors or what other products I'm
talking to. I'm actually just talking to
the my Watsonx bot essentially for sure.
Yeah, I think I think you you know
you're bringing up a very provocative
question and we should probably remove
you from the stage for for the
AI agent conversation. Okay, I I
apologize but uh no it's it's a very
question like this is this is kind of
classic Clayton Christensen jobs to be
done. What what what is your product
being hired for? It's a good way to
always think about, you know, sort of
solution product market fit, solution
fit. And the underlying kind of theory
of of Clayton Christensen was like we
don't go buy products,
we buy effectively, we hire solutions to
solve our problems. And so what is the
problem that an enterprise is running
into? Well, if they're reviewing legal
documents, they want to be able to just
get, you know, lower risk in their
customer contract negotiation. They want
to have better renewal rates. They want,
you know, more accelerated deal cycles.
They don't want an agent for that. They
want that as the outcome. And so,
obviously, you know, collectively for
all of us, the closer we get to
conveying those ultimate outcomes, the
closer we get to pricing towards those
outcomes, I think that will be the
natural direction this space goes in.
agents at least, for lack of a better
term that we've landed on, at least
describes what's happening behind the
scene that's causing that deal cycle.
Behind the scenes, you hit it on the
head. Yeah. Typically, you don't know,
you know, and I know, but you most
people don't know what cloud you're
running on, for example. It's all
happening in the back end. You
magically, but you know, it's same way
we should look at agents because all of
this is going to be happening in the
back end. You know what's really
interesting is and and Box was actually
one of our our first partners to join us
on this, but we opened up a agent
catalog last week where companies that
are creating agents can submit to the
IBM catalog and then IBM sales teams can
sell it. So even if you're a fivep
person shop, you submit your AI agent
that you built specific for a use case
within this catalog, you're able to take
that and then the IBM sellers are able
to sell it for you. So I think that's
important especially for the groups that
we have here because if you're an
earlier stage company and you're looking
for that traction we're enabling that
and obviously Box doesn't need to help
but they were one of you know Aaron's
been a great partner on this AI journey
and he you know the moment we talked
about he's like I'm in let's go it's
we're you've got this IBM salesforce
which is legions in size right and they
are now recently I should know this but
I don't they're off selling agents and
how many we kicked it off last week okay
and and I'm just I'm very How many do
they sell and how do they get smart
enough about each agent to to sell it?
So it becomes a use case specific. So if
you look at the way that IBM's mentality
is is is not to go industry specific. We
go horizontal. We want folks that have
the industry expertise to leverage that.
So you know as the seller is looking at
various AI use cases and clients are
starting to ask for it. That's a great
opportunity to say well within our agent
catalog we have this. We'll even make it
self-service at one point so even the
sellers don't need need to touch it. You
know, if a customer wants to go on there
and just download it from their the
catalog essentially, they could start
leveraging it. But what what what a what
an interesting time though to be in
software, right? Just cuz think about
right what you just kind of said. So IBM
is going to be going to a bank or an
energy company or a life sciences
company. I'm making this up so so
correct it. And basically being they're
going to be bringing digital labor to
that organization. It's no longer a
software sale. It is not, you know, let
me go find your process and I'm going to
sell software for that process. It is I
might actually bring the process to your
organization in the form of this digital
labor. So, it's going to actually kind
of shift the deck chairs
on what what's actually happening, who's
what like I think we're all going to
increasingly look almost like
professional services companies probably
to some extent because you're bringing
out solutions to the customer as opposed
to just hey use our software hopefully
you have the people to implement it
hopefully have the people to even use it
at your own risk. I think this is a
fundamental change literally in what
software is is going to be procured for
you know another interesting thing I'm
I'm seeing which I didn't expect is
if your AI is very good broadly speaking
AI so let's imagine this these agents
are going to be great okay what is
really interesting is it can make folks
IBM has an incredible depth of customer
relationships that people don't even get
I mean incredibly deep and broad box is
my favorite customer by that's my mine
as well.
You can be older companies like can be
much better with AI. Yeah, absolutely.
Because maybe there's some a few parts
of IBM, not Watson, but a few parts that
maybe are a little a little older, but
if the AI is great, if the agents if I
can walk in with the box station, you
can tell me what it's like, all of a
sudden that team can be much more more
agile. I'll give you a specific example
if you're curious. But like one one that
um Zenesk is much better than a year
ago. Yeah. I didn't but I've invested a
lot in contact centers. Okay. I mean I'm
bored of this company called Gorgeous
which is like Zenex for e-commerce. Just
like you have HubSpot. We have HubSpot.
Shopify is Clavia which is a billion.
Right? If you go over to that world, the
Shopify world, it's not Zenesk. It's
gorgeous. Okay. Over there Zenesk used
to be old. The plugin was a little
creepier for Shopify. It couldn't really
interact with FedEx. So you return. So
like they want 20,000 customers, right?
Zenesk probably still creaky under the
hood, but the AI is bitching. Yep. The
AI is bitching. So they So Zenesk in one
technical term term. It's an NS. It
comes from the seat reible. We need a
bitching like benchmark AI benchmark.
No, we know we need a pitching agent.
Okay. So they're they're still a better
in this vertical, right? But the gap is
narrowed. So, if I'm the IBM sales team,
in one month, I might actually have much
better solutions to sell with these
agents like overnight it could change.
It's it's kind of crazy.
We always have to kind of recheck in
with to our assumptions and and biases
on what the state-of-the-art is on the
technology because things that literally
3 or 6 months ago were not possible all
of a sudden become possible. And so we
like the rate of change in this space
means that first of all it's like the
most stressed out I've ever been because
of good sign. Yeah. I mean if that
correlates the opposite is worse. Yeah.
That that is um I mean I kind of enjoyed
what when I wasn't stressed but um uh
but but my stress is absolutely a
correlary to how interesting the
technology industry is. So so it's a
good sign for all of us because it means
it's a very dynamic time and and lots of
stuff is happening.
to this exact point you know like what
you if you go back a year ago the amount
of work you would have to do to pack
into let's say a non-reasoning model for
giving it exactly the right sort of
context instructions kind of hacking in
tool use versus today just having 03 go
do that or having the new Llama 4 go and
and do that with reasoning capabilities
you instantly have now caught up
probably probably an entire a year of
development from other companies with
just a single model upgrade now is
happening. And so it does mean that that
you have it's like a non-stop level of
change that that we're seeing in the
space. I was going to say like last year
I think the big buzz word was rag. Yeah.
And now we've seen the shift for agents
but that happened so fast. So fast.
Right. And the interesting part about
this is as we look at all these, you
know, tens of thousands of agents, we're
also providing the capability of if
companies I saw like 50% raise their
hand that they were building agents. We
actually released agent builders last
week as well, right? And then on top of
that, we already have pre-built agents.
So what we used internally are ask HR,
ask procurement, etc. We've actually
released that and productized it. So now
folks can you can actually just purchase
it versus spending time to build it. So,
we're opening up the aperture because as
as Aaron said, it's moving so fast that
if we if we don't keep up with the
market, you know, that's why he's losing
sleep. I'm sleeping great, by the way.
Very good. The text like 1:00 a.m. So,
yeah, it should it is um it should be
stressful, right? The rate of change is
so high, isn't it? Yeah. I mean, I mean,
even just take something as simple as
let's say GitHub copilot, right? Yeah.
basically invented the current paradigm
of of AI coding was obviously the deacto
standard and let me just do a dangerous
survey. How many people are using cursor
or wind surf or replet right now? Yeah.
Okay. So, like last year it was close to
it was last year that would have been
zero. And now all of a sudden we're
already seeing a kind of a tide change
in the direction of a new set of of
startups that are attacking the space.
And so I think right now we're in an
environment where nobody can take any of
their position for granted. It's a
fastmoving space. I do think and and
would love to even hear what you're
seeing from startup land what you're
thinking about from the customers you
work with. I do think you're starting to
see a pattern of how to have moes begin
to emerge. The sort of relationship
between, you know, the agent, the data
that it works off of, the level of of
sort of domain specificity of that
agent, obviously the capability of the
model, you start to get this dynamic
where you could have a reinforcing or or
sort of virtuous cycle of of how do you
build a moat around what the agent is
doing. And uh and so because I think one
existential question for everybody
whether you're big or small is how do
you have a sustaining advantage if so
much of the value is packed in the model
and to your point about this endes or
gorgeous you know dynamic like how do
you make sure that you can have a have a
position of of strength that you build
on top of and so we're we're starting to
you know have these big questions of
like okay what does it mean what is the
new network effect in a world of AI and
it's some degree of of that user working
with an agent to create something by
creating something that data feeds back
into the agent's futures capabilities
and you get this sort of flywheel that
that ends up being pretty positive. But
I don't know what you're seeing in the
larger company side. I mean from an
enterprise standpoint one thing that's
very interesting is a lot of these
enterprise companies are actually
sitting on a ton of data and they've
been sitting on this data for many many
years slowly trying to cleanse it trying
to figure it out with the adoption of AI
even companies using their internal data
in order to get solid outcomes. We're
seeing that over and over again, right?
So, I mean, the the beauty of this is
now you have all of this data that
you've been using and also, you know, a
lot of the models are built off of
public data, but how many of these
models are actually built off of
enterprise internal data, very limited,
right? Once we unlock that, I think the
pace of change that we're going to see
is going to go even faster than we're
seeing today. Yeah. There's a kind of a
fun question that that you can start to
ask your customers, which is sort of
like what data are you sitting on that
is proprietary to you?
And so thus if you had AI that worked on
your data, what would you have as a
differentiated outcome relative to your
competition and very quickly you realize
more companies are actually in the data
business or information business than
they and maybe initially had thought
about where they start to realize like
okay actually I do have some proprietary
information or insight about the real
estate market or about uh about my the
my um my talent clients if I'm a talent
agent uh agency or obviously if in
financial services, you know, you're
sitting on a a wealth of data. So, the
question is if I can bring AI to that
data, what can I do with that in a
unique way relative to my competition
and um and you can kind of like go
really far with this, which is right now
as an example, if you look at like a
company's income statement or balance
sheet, there's nothing that approximates
the value of their data.
Yeah, that's I get confused about that
goodwill line, but I'm maybe throw some
some, you know, data in the Goodwill
line. I don't know if a lot of companies
do that. The question would be the
question would be in 10 years from now
will we see this sort of emerge as a
thing which is like what how good is
your data as an enterprise? How much
data do you have? Yeah. Are you actually
able to turn it into business value?
Yeah. And AI will be the thing that that
basically unlocks that because what they
what AI wants more than anything is more
data to work on. Yep. And that's what it
thrives on. So, so we will enter this
com completely new shift and and
actually like what are the assets in an
enterprise in a world where you can
deploy AI agents to to you know have
completely disproportionate outcomes in
your organization and I think data is
going to be one of these but and it's
but where you asked the question I'm
just I'm learning from you on this one
I'm not seeing modification
I am I I haven't seen any I can't think
of a single I mean you talked to more
than I can't think of a single
company I work with or know know that
feels like there's a stronger moat
today. Yeah. If that was the question
you were asking you tell me some
examples to me I actually think about
box as a case study actually we do this
new podcast I did with Rory from scale I
did the other day and I said if there's
anyone that should be benefiting this
from it I said box and let me tell you
why cuz I've been in this document space
for a while as you remember right you
are a document OG. Yeah. And I'm like
I've been and I've been a Box user at
least since 06. I'm like, so I got I've
got like forever content box, okay? I
could never talk to it before AI. So
everyone that's been in documents has
wanted to talk to their documents. Now I
can and and not only can I talk to my
documents cuz it's what's Aaron can tell
us now or in 6 months that also means I
can do stuff I never thought I could do
with my like the initial case study is
okay tell me everything in box where I
have the wrong indemnity provision. You
start there and then all of a sudden you
can talk tell me what contracts I
shouldn't have signed. Tell me what
contracts had lacked authority. Tell me
where like the designs are off on the
measurement on and so or just tell me
where I could have an upsell opportunity
on those contracts. So Ruth's got
pricing that that maybe you know you you
be you have a better position for that
uplift that the the value your moat
bigger. We think so, but I'm you know
just asking you to learn. Well, I don't
turn this into a Wall Street conference
but yes the that happens faster some
inadvertently. We're very we're big fans
of our remote, but the um but I think
the big question is what is the value
inside of of your data for any
enterprise and then if you're building
software, find ways to get the customer
to tap into that. That's what's going to
build this flywheel. Like I'm actually
very bullish right now. You know,
there's like a little bit of a meme of
like these AI coding tools, you can just
swap them out. Yeah. I think that's like
a temporary thing that you'll see on
Twitter or X or whatever. I I think the
mode is is actually fantastic because if
you're the place where you have agents
that understand your codebase, they
understand your development
methodologies, they understand your
documentation, they understand your
specs, that is something that becomes
this ongoing flywheel that just gets
bigger and bigger and bigger. That will
be true of every single segment in
healthcare. Imagine if you under if
you're the AI system that understands a
particular set of patients and the
particular sort of practice areas of
that health care provider. You're not
going to want to swat swap out that AI
system. So for as fast as everything is
moving and as disruptive as everything
is right now, I think there's this is a
window in the next couple of years where
I think we'll have the defining
platforms get built and effectively
cemented assuming that they stay
current. Right? If you if you're asleep
at the wheel in this space, it's over,
right? you only have you can lose your
entire position probably in a 2-year
period at this point, but it's also a
point where you could cement your
leadership position I I think in a in a
in a very unique and different way where
that wasn't possible let's say let you
know let's go back 20 years to cloud
there was a 5year period where people
could just kind of fuss around like
maybe I'll do a hyperscaler maybe I
won't do a hyperscaler and somehow 10
years later 15 years later basically
you've at three, four or five major
platforms all at massive scale. People
had time to kind of figure it out. AI is
probably not going to look like that.
Like it's going to it's going to get
locked in and compound
so fast. But I get I want to believe
that. I'm with you, right? I've got your
back. But let's and I'm not
going to figure out.
I'm going to be quiet. I'm not going to
ask him. He just shows up on our panel.
This is my last question. But I'm not an
MCP expert, but let's take it out a
couple months, right? So, you've got
this data lock, right? But if my MCP is
great, yeah, maybe I just grab those box
files and that data and I abstract away
box and sure box has the data and the
healthcare company, but if I can talk to
it through a myriad of different levels
and MCPs and everything, is it really a
moat? I would actually argue that MCP is
a thing that only enhances the the
underlying mode because data wants to be
free. That doesn't mean that there's no
moat around managing the data and making
it useful. It wants to be incorporated
in some other workflow. So for us, the
more places where customers can use
their data is only a net positive. We
want to connect to every MCP, you know,
environment that that's possible as a
tool and that just makes the continued
feedback loop of having more data at
least in our environment more valuable
because because you know that it's going
to be accessible from all these other
systems. So I think of that as kind of
the the analogy would be like did APIs
reduce people's modes? No, like it
actually in many cases made companies
more sticky over time because they could
be embedded into even more software
which made that even a greater level of
of sort of concentration. So, so I I
think I mean I I see no reason why MCPs
wouldn't be just analogous to all of the
the APIs that we built over the past
couple of decades. Yeah. I was also
going to just say that one other aspect
with the moat, if you're able to
establish the moat, let's say there is a
moat that's established within AI,
there's a significant monetization
opportunity for all of these companies
cuz then you have the ability once
you're showcasing and you have that
mode, once you're showcasing the AI
capabilities, we're seeing significant
upsell in the marketplace where
companies are able to raise their prices
because of these AI capabilities, but
they're continuously adopting. And so I
don't think there's going to be only you
know in you said two years I think it's
less than two years that we see this
evolution and it's it's going like a
thousandx faster than the cloud adoption
cuz everyone's using it because kids
start using it you know in probably in
high school doing homework you know and
and and so on. So like everyone's using
it it's in the mindset already and
that's where the adoption is happening
so fast. I mean I I don't I don't think
it's that crazy to say. I mean this is
easily the fastest adopted technology in
history. If you look at at chatbt's you
know any of their published metrics
somewhere what 500 million active users
some something on that order of
magnitude in two two and a half years
two and a quarter years that there's
never in history there's never been
something like that because first of all
in in every other technology
transformation in history you didn't
have enough people wired up on the
internet to put those kind of numbers.
So it's just like de facto it's
obviously correct and so so think about
to Raj's point how many people right now
are being wired completely differently.
I don't know if anybody has gone to a
college know somebody in college maybe
just graduated college. I I was speaking
at a college class recently and it's
like these these kids are like I want to
be a little bit like old man yells at
cloud kind of thing but or you get off
my lawn but it's like you're also kind
of like amazed by how it works but like
they do not work like us. They're much
more efficient. They're much more
efficient. Maybe they don't know
anything as a result. I don't know.
We'll figure that out as they enter the
workforce but they work so differently.
And it's like they're going to come into
our enterprises and be like, "Wait a
second." Like you take 2 weeks to come
up with a project plan for some
marketing strategy. Like literally that
thing was just spit out by Claude in 5
seconds. Why would you meet about that?
Like they're going to wonder why do we
work the way we work? And obviously
we're going to tell them like this
technology didn't exist. Like give us a
break. But like think about an entire
onslaught of a of a new generation that
is just like why would you spend time
reinventing the wheel
of a marketing plan? Like literally it's
in it's in the model. Like the model has
the marketing plan you want. Just do the
thing. And so so this is why you're
going to see such a rapid change is you
have a new workforce entering you know
every organization. You have boards and
CEOs and governments saying like, "Holy
crap, we got it. We have to move
faster." Raj, I'm see I'm sure you see
this, but but every customer that we
talk to, if I compare it to,
if you're quite literal on the timeline,
let's say it's like 08 or 09 in cloud
terms, think about 08 and 09 pitching
the cloud to a bank. I wasn't born then.
Okay. Okay. So, like that was a
non-starter. Like that was like not a
conversation you would have. If they had
to keep all the data on premise in the
office data, we don't even we can't even
contemplate this. Get out of my office.
Yep. Probably that that still persisted
to the mid 20 2010s. I would have
meetings with banks that that were
finally like, okay, we're going to
deploy our first couple use cases. So
that's the timeline we're on. There is
not an there's not an enterprise that
you could meet with today where they
have not already basically said, here's
our AI first strategy or here's the AI
first strategy we're working on or here
are our AI principles. That is not
happening in these big companies. So
we're in a totally different market and
so probably to your point like it will
move way faster
than cloud and and that timeline is
going to shrink in a in a pretty
incredible way. Yeah, I think it's going
to I I think it's great, but I think
it's I I don't mean to go too deep, but
I think it's reduces all the moes.
Literally, we had Yamini from was here
yesterday from HubSpot and they're I
mean they're crushing it right every
way. And she was great. She's like she's
like I'm behind. She's and they're
pretty far ahead. If you look at where
like if you look at all the peer groups
who's further ahead in deploying AI
stress then yeah we all got Yeah. And
she's like and it was interesting what
she said our core is strong. Okay. Our
core is and it is it gets stronger and
stronger right but the thousand small
competitors are better than ever. Yeah.
So this is it's another example like the
mo the core mode is there right? The
core mode is there, but if you get
nibbled away at the end, if you get
nibbled away because the big guys get
better because of AI, this you don't
have two small competitors. Now you have
a thousand. And the thousand aren't like
one feature like in the old days. Now
the thousand are cool because you can
talk to them and they can talk to your
data and they can MCP into box. And so
now you have a thousand really good
competitors, not two crappy ones, right?
I hope them our votes are getting
stronger, but um They think they're all
getting weaker. I agree. I guess the
thing that that the only counter, but I
think anybody at this conference is will
probably actually endorse my point. If
you're here, Yeah. then that means that
you're probably building something that
you want to be sustainable that you want
to you're not, you know, sort of vibe
coding a a Salesforce competitor like
one night and be like, "Okay, but maybe
three of you are, so sorry." But more
than you think, actually. Fine. Fine.
But if you've already opted into being
in this ecosystem, yeah, you're probably
thinking like, okay, I'm building a
company. I'm going to hire a sales team.
I'm going to do the marketing thing.
Like we like the lowering the reduction
of of how easy it is to build these
things doesn't make it any easier to
build one of these things. The thinking
through the long term of building a
company and building a franchise
business over the long run is just very
different. And I mean IBM has sort of
proven just like what that takes over
over you know obviously decades. And so
so I do think that we will have to
separate the sheer sort of like holy
crap it seems like there's a hundred
copycats of every single space from the
companies that are just like I'm in this
for the long run and we we are going to
keep cranking day in and day out
iterating building a better product
better serving our customers. The things
that transcend AI will become probably
then even more important. Yeah, because
they they will be the things that
separate the sort of flash in the pan,
you know, overnight success that then
fizzles because the founding team wasn't
really in it for the right reasons or
they weren't really thinking through how
do they actually get to scale. So, and
there's no real first mover advantage
right now because it's everything's
you're able to leaprog, but once you're
able to have an established base, yes,
box for example, now you put you guys
move pretty fast on the AI piece. Now
you put AI into it, you're that's
becoming remote because you do have all
of these documents. you have access to
so much data and you're able to well I
think to Jason Jason's point of like
okay so what do we do though when when
from a net new kind of company that's
just starting they don't have the data
but I am I am optimistic that these
things end up compounding because the
better company ends up getting the more
customers ends up building then the next
features better and I keep that I don't
think AI has finally changed the
calculus of that as long as the team is
sort of in it and building for the long
run and laser I'll tell you if you want
a slightly funny story from this event
ties to both
college and kids and generation. So, uh,
we had we had a we had like a kickoff
party that IBM sponsored on Monday night
before we started and my daughter is a
freshman at Stanford and my son's here.
He's a he's finished up at Penn State.
He's a sophomore and this this guy comes
up to me, found her. He's like, "Uh, are
you Anna Lumpkin's dad?"
He's like, "Yeah, I'm in her class."
He's like, "Uh, I just dropped out. I
built an AI sales agent to do research a
couple months ago. We're at 2 million
ARR. Wow. I want to get to five by the
summer and I want to go more mid-market.
I'm out on the road going more
mid-market. We're doing a lot of it with
AI. Wow. And 20% of my class has already
dropped out to do AI. Oh, there's a lot
in that story, isn't there? There there
is. Is he worried about Mo? There's a
hole. Is he worried? Is he worried that
he needs to build a giant sales team? He
had to to take 8 years to get to 2
million in ARR. I think he'll be worried
in 2 years. But and then he can call us
old-timers and and we'll give him some
advice. It was just the craziest story
on on pre-opening night. But there's so
many little things in disruption, right?
How much you could do with that, how
quickly you could grow and the lack of
fear of incumbents. That's cool. No
incumbent fear, right? No fear, right?
Really cool. And but that's every
startup. You can't have fear if you go
into that space. I mean, that's a good
story, but then I know we're over here,
but that begs the question of cuz my
older son's going to becoming a freshman
next year, but what do you end up
studying now with AI, right? Like, you
know, before is you know, you knew
computer science was going to happen,
right? So, but you know, I think it's
like you want to be like you probably
want to be like 15 years old right now,
right? So, that way there's enough time,
right? Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We want
you need enough people to go in the
front lines and sort of figure it out.
Like I think may maybe your son right is
on the cut off of of he'll have enough
time but um he's going economics. Okay.
Okay. Always
but I mean what an incredible time right
and I do think I do think that these
this generation has a leg up because of
this ability to just be like I I've seen
the future. Yeah. This is what it looks
like. And you can go and enter companies
and just be like ta this is how I do
things. I remember my first internship I
got like some of the most like random
probably strategic projects because I
just like was like better at the
internet than the other people and so so
like just imagine if you're that for AI
in your company and you're just like I'm
just better at AI than every one of my
colleagues you'll just get more stuff.
So I think there's a c you know there's
an it's an interesting time to be coming
into the workforce in this next
generation. Absolutely. All right. So, I
know we're over, but I learned a fun
fact while we were back there. What's
that? You were at the first Saster.
Yeah. And now you're closing out this
Saster. Yes. Yeah. But hopefully not,
right? Okay. Okay. It was one week after
the box IPO. You might not remember, but
I remembered viscerally. Those were wild
times. You were the kindest gentleman in
the I mean, you're always kind, Aaron,
but coming one week. Anything for a
document OG. So, yeah. Awesome. Thank
you. I think that's it. Do we just do we
self end self? We haven't been to out of
stage yet. You got security back there.
All right.